I first spent a week with the Camaro LT
the v6 powered pony car that felt more
akin to the well behaved Malibu and now
to see if that finality can be overcome
by a Corvette engine Brembo brakes and E
beefier suspension and the answer for
the most part is yes it can if you were
expecting to visually see huge
differences between the v6 and SS you'd
be wrong the SS models have a simulated
air intake located in the upper front
fascia and the lower air intake is
larger but otherwise you'd have trouble
telling this Camaro from the one I drove
last week the interior is nearly
identical to with the only exceptions
being the SS badge at the bottom of the
steering wheel and the SS embroidery in
the front headrests this here is the top
trim 2 SS and again it came equipped
with the 6-speed auto a 1180 $5.00
option this choice also necessitates an
engine modification and eliminates some
performance goodies if you keep the
six-speed manual you'll get the ls3
engine making 426 horsepower and 420
pound-feet of torque the L 99 engine
under here is a variant of the ls3 for
the automatic transmission models and
comes with active fuel management with a
lower compression ratio the horsepower
dips to 400 and the torque to 410 at
4,300 RPM you also can't get the launch
control in this configuration either but
the auto is geared short for quick
takeoffs and can be shifted with buttons
on the back of the steering wheel
it also has performance algorithms which
will hold gears while you're getting the
SS sideways and here's the kicker it's
the fastest and most fuel-efficient
choice an impressive 0 to 60 time of
four
is obtained by deactivating the
Stabilitrak and mashing the accelerator
the quarter-mile visits by in 13.1
seconds and 109 miles per hour slightly
behind its stick-shift counterpart this
powertrain brings the grunt and
eagerness that felt so uninspired in the
v6 Camaro yet I imagine I'd still prefer
the manual transmission to the lays a
fair automatic just as I did in the
Challenger gas mileage is rated at 16mpg
city and 25 highway and it will accept
regular unleaded the exhaust played the
big v8 sounds great at least to those
outside because the hushed interior lets
very little in and the SS bites the
corners a little harder and you could
push it into those bends with greater
confidence thanks to the mighty Brembos
the fully independent sophisticated
suspension is something unusual in a
pony car but it's the Camaro of modern
compliant ride hosed handling that
betters its Dodge competition in
performance but at the same time for
goes the retro feel that the Challenger
does so well its weight and size still
keep it from being a super nimble sports
coupe indeed this is a big car with a
squished roof and as such the visibility
of the front is somewhat limited
especially from the passenger's seat
where there is no height adjustment a
lack of rear headroom should also be
noted the rest of the interior is retro
styled quiet and comfortable but
generally unspectacular with lots of
black plastic and some confused themes
all in all the SS puts some significant
distance between itself and the v6 model
so there are distinct choices for all
types of buyers performance lovers only
have to look here though personally I
prefer the Challenger srt8 with a stick
shift but that car costs quite a bit
more MSRP of the top trim camaro 2ss is
34,000 180 while this car stickers for
35,000 760 a nice price even if the
Camaro SS isn't quite sure what it wants
to be for drive time on
otto's of Steve hence